# Survey-Companion
Survey Companion - An online comprehensive survey creation platform  Survey Companion is a project build interms of the major project for last year accadamics of bachelor of computer application.
Front end : Angular
Back end : Codeigniter, MySQL

Project description:

Survey is the most important thing for the success of a business. Using surveys one business owner can get feedbacks and suggestions from his customers and can update his product according to the customers taste. But most of the business web sites don’t have a survey system. If anyone want to implement such a survey in his web site, he need to hire a programmer and also need months to develop a survey for his business. He also needs to update his server according to the scripting language going to use. It is a platform independent application, that can be used for getting a survey module in any kind of web site like jsp , net, php , html etc without worried about the programming language and platform. SaaS based applications are one of the upcoming leading web technology that would help to improve the performance of a site by accessing the codes and resources from SaaS providers in a rental base. After the registration and verification, web master can login to the survey platform and store his survey questions and answers according to the plan he choose. There will be several plans like Free Plan, Basic Plan, Silver Plan, Golden Plan etc. After that we will provide a small java script code. The web master does not need to know any coding or programming method to implement this tracking in their site, he just wants to copy paste this 2 or 3 line small JavaScript file in to his html code. When his site loads, a survey widget will be loaded in to his site by executing the code stored in our server. The answers given to the survey questions will be stored in our db rather than the web masters db. All codes for the survey system and data base are stored in our own server and can be accessed to the web masters in a rental bases.
